Add routes.yaml {all} option for route templates. (#4795)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.1/cloud/project/project-conf-files_routes.md

+-------------------+----------+---------------+
```

> The `routes.yaml` file is a list of templated routes and their configurations. You can use the following placeholders in a route template:

Author: ```suggestion
The `routes.yaml` file is a list of templated routes and their configurations. You can use the following placeholders in route templates:
```

- `{default}` represents the qualified domain name configured as the default for the project. For example, if you have a project with the default domain `example.com`, the route templates `http://www.{default}/` and `https://{default}/blog` resolve to the following URLs in a production environment:

  ``` html
  http://www.example.com/
  ```
  
  ```html
  http://www.example.com/blog
  ```

  In a non-production branch, `{default}` will be replaced with the project ID and environment ID.

- `{all}` represents all the domain names configured for the project. For example, if you have a project with `example.com` and `example1.com` domains, the route templates `http://www.{all}/` and `https://{all}/blog` resolve to routes for all domains in the project:

>   ``` html

Author: ```suggestion
  ```
```

  http://www.example.com/

  ```

>   ```html

Author: ```suggestion
```

  http://www.example.com/blog

  ```

>   ```html

Author: ```suggestion
  ```
```

  http://www.example1.com/
  ```

  ```html
  http://www.example1.com/blog
  ```

  The `{all}` placeholder is useful for projects configured for multiple domains. In a non-production branch `{all}` is replaced with the project ID and environment ID for each domain.

  If a project does not have any domains configured which is a common during development, the `{all}` placeholder behaves in the same way as the `{default}` placeholder.

{{site.data.var.ee}} also generates URLs for every active environment, so you can test that system. In a test system, `{default}` is replaced with the following:

> ```html

Author: ```suggestion
```
```

> For example, if the project ID is `mswy7hzcuhcjw` on a branch called `refactorcss` hosted in the `us` cluster, the domains are: 

Reviewer: This sentence just trips and stumbles. I think it is just an order problem. Seems to me you have to go from largest to smallest or vice-versa. It doesn't matter, but Cluster, Project, and Branch have a natural hierarchy. This sentence just seems really confusing. And then to have a specific name or ID without a descriptor following it is also a strange read to me. In any case, this is not part of your changes, but does contribute to the quality of the topic. Adjust as you see fit.

```suggestion
For example,  the `refactorcss` branch for the `mswy7hzcuhcjw` project  hosted in the `us` cluster has the following domains: 
```
